{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green16\blue81;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh14480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Image Snap\

\b0\fs20 \ulnone \
by Robert Harder\
rob@iHarder.net
\b\fs38 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs28 \cf0 Capture Images from the Command Line
\f1\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iharder.net/imagesnap"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b0 \cf0 http://iharder.net/imagesnap}}
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320
\cf0 ImageSnap is a Public Domain command-line tool that lets you capture still images from an iSight or other video source.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 Installation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 Copy the 
\f2\fs26 imagesnap
\f0\fs32  file to someplace on your path like 
\f2\fs26 /usr/local/bin
\f0\fs32 , or leave it in a "current directory," and call it with 
\f2\fs26 ./imagesnap
\f0\fs32  instead.\
Enjoy!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 Usage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 To capture an image simply run the program from the command line.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf0 $ imagesnap\
Capturing image from device "iSight"..................snapshot.jpg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
To specify a filename, make that your last argument:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf0 $ imagesnap icu.jpg\
Capturing image from device "iSight"..................icu.jpg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
If you have multiple video devices attached to your computer, use the 
\f2\fs26 -l
\f0\fs32  ("el") flag to list them:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf0 $ imagesnap -l\
Video Devices:\
iSight\
DV\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
To select a specific video device use the 
\f2\fs26 -d 
\f3\i device
\f0\i0\fs32  flag:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf0 $ imagesnap -d DV\
Capturing image from device "DV"..................snapshot.jpg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
To output a jpeg representation to standard out (stdout), use a dash for the filename:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf0 $ ssh johndoe@somewhere.com /usr/local/bin/imagesnap - > snapshot.jpg\
$ open snapshot.jpg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 \
Image Formats\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 The following image formats are supported and are determined by the filename extension: JPEG, TIFF, PNG, GIF, BMP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 Changes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.5 - Added option to delay the first snapshot for some time. Added a time-lapse feature (thanks, Bas Zoetekouw).\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.4 - Found bug that caused crash on Mac OS X 10.5 (but not 10.6).\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.4beta - Tracking bug that causes crash on Mac OS X 10.5 (but not 10.6).\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.3 - Fixed bug that caused all images to be saved as TIFF. Not sure when this bug was introduced.\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.2 - Added ability to output jpeg to standard out. Made executable lowercase 
\f2\fs26 imagesnap
\f0\fs32 .\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2.1 - Changed name from ImageCapture to ImageSnap to avoid confusion with Apple's Image Capture application.\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.2 - Multiple file formats (not just TIFF). Faster response.\
{\listtext	\'95	}v0.1 - This is the initial release.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 A Note About Public Domain\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 I have released this software into the Public Domain. That means you can do whatever you want with it. Really. You don't have to match it up with any other open source license \'97 just use it. You can rename the files, do whatever you want. If your lawyers say you have to have a license, contact me, and I'll make a special release to you under whatever reasonable license you desire: MIT, BSD, GPL, whatever.}